Wow dad you are amazing
Yaoyao adores you so much
Qingfeng, I blamed you before
You don't resent me, do you?
How could that be?
Only then
I'm going to study how to display a gorgeous head
But there was another very important study.
I may not have much time to take care of you
Once this research is successful
Our country will stand directly on the top of the world
Of course, this still requires the strong support of Mr. Duan
It is our pleasure to handle it for the country
I will definitely support it.
Don't worry.
I'll take care of Yaoyao
Then please.
This is not the place to talk
The National Academy of Sciences has arranged for you
Please get in the car for your accommodation.
stop
It worked, it worked.
Okay, okay.
Congratulations congratulations congratulations
Congratulations, congratulations, congratulations, congratulations.
Qin Zongzhi
You not only developed a mobile phone that is ahead of its time
We even have controlled fusion.
It's a miracle.
This is the result of everyone's joint efforts.
Ha ha.
Hey, yes, yes, yes.
And this robot.
He's the super intelligent end point
autonomous
This achievement
It's comparable to controlled nuclear fusion.
Haha, who told you I was a robot?
I am the master's natural housekeeper life assistant
Also, please call me Xiaoxuetou.
Hey, Xiaoxue
Why are you stuck?
The owner should go to the launch of the gorgeous mobile phone.
Whoops, I almost forgot about this.
Thank you, Master Qin
I'll send a car to take you there
And me, what are you doing?
Stay here.
Then you let me go, let me go
I see that Xiaoxue is so advanced
You let him attract attention at the press conference
Not bad
Well then, you are not allowed to speak without my order.
You're not allowed to do anything out of the ordinary. Okay.